Question Number, Correct Option, Answer

1> c, may or may not increase

2> b, SST=SSR + SSE

3> c, difference between the actual value and mean of dependent variable.

4> c, By its slope

5> a, must also be equal to 1

6> d, All of the above

7> b, f-statistics

8> c, Ridge

 More than one Answer:

9> c,d

10> a,b

11> a,b,d

 Subjective Answer:

12>Answer:- R-square shows how well terms (data points) fit a curve or line. Adjusted R-squared also
            indicates how well terms fit a curve or line, but adjusts for the number of terms in a 
            model. If we add more useful variables, adusted r-squared will increase. Adjusted R-squared
            will always be less than or equal to R-square.

13>Answer:- In Machine learning, cost functions are used to estimated how badly models are performing. 
            IN simple way, a cost function is a measure of how wrong the model is in terms of its 
            ability to estimate the relationship between x and y. 

            This is typically expressed as a difference or distance between the predicted value and the 
            actual value. The cost function can be estimated by iteratively running the model to compare 
            estimated prediction against target variable.

14>Answer:- SST:- Sum of squares total is the squaed differences between the observed dipendent variable 
                  and its mean.
           
            SSR:- Sum of squares regression is the sum of the difference between the predicted value and 
                  the mean of the dependent variable. 

            SSE:- Sum of squares error is the difference between the observed value and the predictd value.

15>Answer:- Various evaluation metrics of linear regression is MSE, MAE, R-squeared, RMSE

           Mean Squared Error(MSE):- The most common metric for regression tasks is MSE. It has a convex shape.
                                     It is the average of the squared difference between the predicted and actual
                                     value. Since it is defferentiable and has a convex shape, it is easier to 
                                     optimize.

           Mean Absolute Error(MAE):- This is simply the average of the absolute difference between the target value 
                                      and the value predicted by the model. Not preferred in cases where outliers are
                                      prominent.

           R-Squared:- This metric represents the part of the variance of the dependent variable explained by the 
                       independent variables of the model. It measures the strength of the relationship between 
                       your model and the dependent variable.

           Root mean Squared Error(RMSE):- This is the square root of the average of the squared difference of the 
                                           predicted and actual value. R-squared error is better than RMSE. This is
                                           because R-squared is a relative measured while RMSE is an absolute measure
                                           of fit.